Translation corrections (#505)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_009.txt

//rかねてより抱いていた予測通りになったと知っても、高揚感はまるでない。…ただ、徒労感が両肩から全身に重い空気となってのしかかり、彼の動きを遅くさせていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "かねてより抱いていた予測通りになったと知っても、高揚感はまるでない。…ただ、徒労感が両肩から全身に重い空気となってのしかかり、彼の動きを遅くさせていた。",

> 			NULL, "Even though he'd learned his suspicion had been right on the mark, there was no satisfaction in it. ...Instead, a labored feeling weighed down on his shoulders and pushed on his entire body, making it hard to move.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Even though he'd learned his suspicions were right on the mark, there was no satisfaction in it. ...Instead, a labored feeling weighed down on his shoulders and pushed on his entire body, making it hard to move.", Line_Normal);
```

//rそれに、自分が責められるのならまだいい。…大石が垣内署の山沖署長の好意で捜査活動を行っている以上、下手な突出は彼らにも迷惑をかけることにもなりかねない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それに、自分が責められるのならまだいい。…大石が垣内署の山沖署長の好意で捜査活動を行っている以上、下手な突出は彼らにも迷惑をかけることにもなりかねない。",

> 			NULL, "Plus, it would still be fine if he could blame himself. ...But as long as he was doing this investigation work by grace of the good will of Kakiuchi Station's Chief Yamaoki, anything wrong moves Ooishi made would likely cause problems for the station.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Plus, it would still be fine if he could blame himself. ...But as long as he was doing this investigation work through the good will of Kakiuchi Station's Chief Yamaoki, any wrong move Ooishi made would likely cause problems for the station.", Line_Normal);
```

//r問題児といっても、色々な類がある。暴れたり徒党を組んだりして、警察のお世話になる連中ならいやでも記憶に残る。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "問題児といっても、色々な類がある。暴れたり徒党を組んだりして、警察のお世話になる連中ならいやでも記憶に残る。",
			NULL, "Even if she was a problem child, those were nothing unusual. Unless she'd gone on a rampage or formed a clique, the police would have had no reason to get involved, and thus wouldn't be remembered.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rしかし、学校をサボタージュ…いわゆる『陰』にこもる場合に関しては、つかみどころがない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "しかし、学校をサボタージュ…いわゆる『陰』にこもる場合に関しては、つかみどころがない。",
			NULL, "However, when it came to skipping school... in other words, lurking in the shadows, those kinds of kids were elusive.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそもそも市民の子弟の学校活動まで常に気にしていたら、とても目が回りきるものではないからだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そもそも市民の子弟の学校活動まで常に気にしていたら、とても目が回りきるものではないからだ。",

> 			NULL, "In the first place, it would be exhausting to keep a constant eye on how kids acted in school.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It would be exhausting to keep a constant eye on how kids acted in school in the first place.", Line_Normal);
```

//rそんな子でさえ雛見沢出身者が起こす惨劇に巻き込まれるか、…あるいは『起こした』としたら、周囲はどのような目で雛見沢の連中を見るようになるか…？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そんな子でさえ雛見沢出身者が起こす惨劇に巻き込まれるか、…あるいは『起こした』としたら、周囲はどのような目で雛見沢の連中を見るようになるか…？",

> 			NULL, "If even a child like that got caught up in these tragedies being caused by former Hinamizawa residents... or if she herself <i>caused</i> one of said tragedies, how would it change people's perception of Hinamizawa...?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "If even a child like that got caught up in these tragedies caused by former Hinamizawa residents... or if she herself <i>caused</i> one of said tragedies, how would it change people's perception of Hinamizawa...?", Line_Normal);
```

//rそこまでして『祟り』を派手に喧伝し、なおかつ反論の声を封じる理由はいったい何だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そこまでして『祟り』を派手に喧伝し、なおかつ反論の声を封じる理由はいったい何だ。",

> 			NULL, "But what was the reason to make such a flash display of the \"curse\" and then silence the voices of the nonbelievers?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "But what was the reason to make such a flashy display of the \"curse\" and then silence the voices of the nonbelievers?", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rたかが、というには２千人の数はあまりにも多すぎるが、…地方の田舎村で起こった事件を一大社会現象のように扱おうとしている流れに、大石は違和感を禁じえなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "たかが、というには２千人の数はあまりにも多すぎるが、…地方の田舎村で起こった事件を一大社会現象のように扱おうとしている流れに、大石は違和感を禁じえなかった。",

> 			NULL, "A total of 2,000 casualties seemed just too much... but Ooishi-san couldn't comprehend why these people were trying to treat incidents in a small rural town into a major social phenomenon.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "A total of 2,000 casualties seemed just too much... but Ooishi-san couldn't comprehend why these people were trying to treat incidents in a small rural town like a major social phenomenon.", Line_Normal);
```

//r留守を預かっていたまどかと繋がった大石は、彼女から緊急の連絡を聞いて思わず挨拶も忘れ、受話器を叩きつけて切る。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "留守を預かっていたまどかと繋がった大石は、彼女から緊急の連絡を聞いて思わず挨拶も忘れ、受話器を叩きつけて切る。",

> 			NULL, "When Ooishi got in touch with Madoka, who was sataying behind at the police station, she rushed into her urgent message. Ooishi forgot to even greet her and immediately hung up the receiver.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "When Ooishi got in touch with Madoka back at the police station, she rushed straight into her urgent message. Ooishi forgot to even greet her and immediately hung up the receiver.", Line_Normal);
```
